feat: implement jsx-a11y addon (#75)
moxystudio/eslint-config-moxy: README.md

- `node` - If you are going to develop code for [NodeJS](nodejs.org)
- `es-modules`: If you are going to use ES6 import & export instead of CommonJS or AMD (this rule skips root `[...].config.js` files to avoid ignoring this rule in common configuration files)
- `babel-parser`: Use [babel-eslint](https://github.com/babel/babel-eslint) parser so that you may use language features that are not yet implemented in eslint (e.g.: dynamic imports)

> - `jsx-a11y`: If you're aiming for accessibility conformant development with JSX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `jsx-a11y`: If you are aiming for accessibility conformant development with JSX.
```

Just to be consistent :)
